Exists: [(34, 'Just Dial Ltd - Chennai, Tamil Nadu', '; Identified and evaluated opportunities improving the process and customer experience ; Assisted the sales team for incoming requests for new services ; Analyzed customer needs and made arrangements adhering to company policies ; Handled escalated and upset calls, maintained and updated the outbound call reports ; Managed to keep records of customer interactions, transactions, complaints, comments as well as actions taken, process orders, forms and applications for online shopping', 'July 2012 to November 2016', 'Senior Customer Support Executive')]
To be added:  (34, 'Just Dial Ltd - Chennai, Tamil Nadu', 'with aggregate of 65%', 'July 2012 to November 2016', 'Senior Customer Support Executive') 

Exists: [(4, 'Tradier Inc. - Charlotte, NC', 'None', 'July 2016 to Present', 'Senior Software Engineer')]
To be added:  (4, 'Tradier Inc. - Charlotte, NC', 'None', 'July 2016 to Present', 'Senior Software Engineer') 

Exists: [(4, 'DevFactory - Austin, TX', 'None', 'December 2015 to July 2016', 'Software Architect')]
To be added:  (4, 'DevFactory - Austin, TX', 'None', 'December 2015 to July 2016', 'Software Architect') 

Exists: [(4, 'Tradier Inc. - Charlotte, NC', 'None', 'March 2015 to December 2015', 'Senior Software Engineer')]
To be added:  (4, 'Tradier Inc. - Charlotte, NC', 'None', 'March 2015 to December 2015', 'Senior Software Engineer') 

Exists: [(3, 'BioLogica Sistemas', "Attributions as Software Architect: Conception and development of biometric and integration products. ; Defined the architecture for a biometrics middleware product based on C/C++. This product is a plug-in based software to allow for it's fast evolution. ; Defined the architecture for a biometrics integration product based on Java Enterprise Edition standards. This product has a set of decoupled GUI components that allow the user to create their own forms. ; Coordinated the developer team. ; Defined the development process based on agile practices for the execution phase, and traditional practices for the definition phase. ; Coordinated the creation of a build cell for continuous integration ; Coordinated the effort to include TDD in the development process ; Coordinated the effort to automate the majority of acceptance tests, reducing the time and costs associated with functional regression tests", 'August 2011 to Present', 'Software Architect')]
To be added:  (3, 'BioLogica Sistemas', "Attributions as Software Architect: Conception and development of biometric and integration products. ; Defined the architecture for a biometrics middleware product based on C/C++. This product is a plug-in based software to allow for it's fast evolution. ; Defined the architecture for a biometrics integration product based on Java Enterprise Edition standards. This product has a set of decoupled GUI components that allow the user to create their own forms. ; Coordinated the developer team. ; Defined the development process based on agile practices for the execution phase, and traditional practices for the definition phase. ; Coordinated the creation of a build cell for continuous integration ; Coordinated the effort to include TDD in the development process ; Coordinated the effort to automate the majority of acceptance tests, reducing the time and costs associated with functional regression tests", 'August 2011 to Present', 'Software Architect') 

Exists: [(3, 'Centro Universitário La Salle - Niteroi, RJ', 'Attributions as an Associate Professor: Teach system development disciplines for the information systems undergraduate and advise on final project assignments. Disciplines: Web Programming with Java, Human-Computer Interaction and Distributed Systems. ; Started the use of Wiimote accelerometer and Kinect in the Human-Computer Interaction discipline to allow the students to learn the new interaction technologies. ; Advised students for Final Papers using Kinect and GPUs. ; Created the Adventures of LaSallinho (available at GitHub), a Love2D game ported to Android for the celebration of La Salle Week. Fundacao Trompowsky Independent Consultant Sep/2009 - Sep/2011 Attributions as Systems Architect: Conception and development of web based products for DMS and integration with existing Distance Learning solutions. ; Defined the architecture and implemented a DMS product based on EJB3, JPA, JSF and Facelets ; Defined the architecture and implemented a Distance Learning product based on EJB3, JPA, JSF and Facelets ; Trained and coordinated the developer team ; Created a patch for NetBeans 6.9 to allow the use of JBoss 6 and IceFaces 2.0 ; Development of specific components: Moodle Single Sign-On, JBoss module for user authentication on remote system and File database persistence to integrate with JPA', 'August 2011 to December 2016', 'Associate Professor')]
To be added:  (3, 'Centro Universitário La Salle - Niteroi, RJ', 'Attributions as an Associate Professor: Teach system development disciplines for the information systems undergraduate and advise on final project assignments. Disciplines: Web Programming with Java, Human-Computer Interaction and Distributed Systems. ; Started the use of Wiimote accelerometer and Kinect in the Human-Computer Interaction discipline to allow the students to learn the new interaction technologies. ; Advised students for Final Papers using Kinect and GPUs. ; Created the Adventures of LaSallinho (available at GitHub), a Love2D game ported to Android for the celebration of La Salle Week. Fundacao Trompowsky Independent Consultant Sep/2009 - Sep/2011 Attributions as Systems Architect: Conception and development of web based products for DMS and integration with existing Distance Learning solutions. ; Defined the architecture and implemented a DMS product based on EJB3, JPA, JSF and Facelets ; Defined the architecture and implemented a Distance Learning product based on EJB3, JPA, JSF and Facelets ; Trained and coordinated the developer team ; Created a patch for NetBeans 6.9 to allow the use of JBoss 6 and IceFaces 2.0 ; Development of specific components: Moodle Single Sign-On, JBoss module for user authentication on remote system and File database persistence to integrate with JPA', 'August 2011 to December 2016', 'Associate Professor') 

Exists: [(3, 'Universidade Carioca', 'Attributions as an Associate Professor: Teach system development disciplines for the computer science undergraduate and advise on final project assignments. Disciplines: C Programming, Java Programming, Object Oriented Project Design, Object Oriented Programming, Web Development with Java, Compilers, Distributed Systems and Information Systems. ; Advised students on a Final Paper to use of the Wii remote controller in Lua with Love2D.', 'February 2008 to December 2011', 'Associate Professor')]
To be added:  (3, 'Universidade Carioca', 'Attributions as an Associate Professor: Teach system development disciplines for the computer science undergraduate and advise on final project assignments. Disciplines: C Programming, Java Programming, Object Oriented Project Design, Object Oriented Programming, Web Development with Java, Compilers, Distributed Systems and Information Systems. ; Advised students on a Final Paper to use of the Wii remote controller in Lua with Love2D.', 'February 2008 to December 2011', 'Associate Professor') 

Exists: [(3, 'Universidade Carioca - Rio, BR', 'Attributions as a Developer: Develop a parallelism solution for a Multi-Agent based Stem Cell Simulation. This project was part of the "Computer Science Great Challenges" initiative.', 'May 2008 to May 2009', 'CNPq funded Developer')]
To be added:  (3, 'Universidade Carioca - Rio, BR', 'Attributions as a Developer: Develop a parallelism solution for a Multi-Agent based Stem Cell Simulation. This project was part of the "Computer Science Great Challenges" initiative.', 'May 2008 to May 2009', 'CNPq funded Developer') 

Exists: [(3, 'Sakonnet Technology LLC', 'Attributions as Systems Analyst: Develop integration solutions using ESB concepts. ; Developed solutions based on JBI using ServiceMix, OpenESB and Fuse as integration platform for Java systems. ; Developed solutions using Open Source tools and providing corrections when necessary. ; Developed workflows based on jBPM from JBoss for integration solutions ; Patched an Apache FTP JBI component for product use', 'September 2007 to April 2008', 'Systems Analyst')]
To be added:  (3, 'Sakonnet Technology LLC', 'Attributions as Systems Analyst: Develop integration solutions using ESB concepts. ; Developed solutions based on JBI using ServiceMix, OpenESB and Fuse as integration platform for Java systems. ; Developed solutions using Open Source tools and providing corrections when necessary. ; Developed workflows based on jBPM from JBoss for integration solutions ; Patched an Apache FTP JBI component for product use', 'September 2007 to April 2008', 'Systems Analyst') 

Exists: [(3, 'Electronic Data Systems', 'Attributions as Lead Technologist: Act as a technology focal point for the various organization projects. ; Developed a PoC project to integrate a COBOL Enterprise system with Java EJB components running in a System/Z Websphere. The development was off-shore based, and needed additional infrastructure for component testing based on IIOP-over-CORBA ; Defined the architecture for systems integration ; Defined technological solutions to support the Application Delivery area ; Advised and trained a 40 people group to become Java Certified Programmers - the whole group was approved ; Technical advising for web application development and design pattern usage Attributions as Systems Analyst: Development of large systems in offshore projects. ; Development and maintenance of the Ticketing Reservation system for American Airlines. ; Reformulated the automobile sales management system for USA, Canada and Puerto Rico, from General Motors. Spent one week at EDS Dayton, OH, for training and modeling meetings, acted as the focal point on the Brazilian team. In this project my performance and commitment was graded as "exceeded expectations" due to my efforts on conducting the Brazilian team. ; Development and maintenance of the Engineering Control System for General Motors EUA and Europe based on web technology.', 'December 2002 to September 2007', 'Lead Technologist')]
To be added:  (3, 'Electronic Data Systems', 'Attributions as Lead Technologist: Act as a technology focal point for the various organization projects. ; Developed a PoC project to integrate a COBOL Enterprise system with Java EJB components running in a System/Z Websphere. The development was off-shore based, and needed additional infrastructure for component testing based on IIOP-over-CORBA ; Defined the architecture for systems integration ; Defined technological solutions to support the Application Delivery area ; Advised and trained a 40 people group to become Java Certified Programmers - the whole group was approved ; Technical advising for web application development and design pattern usage Attributions as Systems Analyst: Development of large systems in offshore projects. ; Development and maintenance of the Ticketing Reservation system for American Airlines. ; Reformulated the automobile sales management system for USA, Canada and Puerto Rico, from General Motors. Spent one week at EDS Dayton, OH, for training and modeling meetings, acted as the focal point on the Brazilian team. In this project my performance and commitment was graded as "exceeded expectations" due to my efforts on conducting the Brazilian team. ; Development and maintenance of the Engineering Control System for General Motors EUA and Europe based on web technology.', 'December 2002 to September 2007', 'Lead Technologist') 

Exists: [(28, 'Meta Sistemas e Assessoria - Santos, SP', "; Architected and Developed several web applications using VB.Net, ASP.NET MVC, Web API, Web Services, Entity Framework, LINQ, KendoUI Components, Kendo MVVM, jQuery, jsLINQ, SignalR for Push Notifications, Hangfire for CronJobs, most of them using MsSQL and others using MySQL. ; Designed a Single Page Application Framework using jQuery/AJAX to work with ASP.Net MVC. ; Designed the responsive layout used by the web application using a responsive grid layout, similar to bootstrap, and other techniques to make the apps look like their legacy windows app so it'd be friendlier to the user. ; An ERP for small business that had integration through Web Services with of the largest Home Fashion Business in Brazil and the government invoicing system that consisting of digitally signing a xml file before sending it through a secure web service. ; A Software Update Utility that consisted of a web app for the company to control what version goes to which client, a windows service on the client's server to consume a web service that provides what updates are available working along with a web service to communicate with the web site so we could check if the windows service was running properly. ; A Database Backup Utility, integrated with the Software Update Website, that consisted of a web service on the client's server that enabled us to request a fresh backup of the client's database and sync the backup with our servers. ; Migrated the Content Management System from Silverlight with MsSQL to ASP.NET MVC with MySQL so it would be cheaper for our clients on the database site and for the application to work on any device, not depending on Silverlight plugins. ; Architected and Developed several web applications using VB.Net, Silverlight, Web Services, Entity Framework, LINQ, MVVM and MsSQL. ; A b2b companion app for the ERP for the suppliers to update the status of the client's purchases. ; A b2c companion app for the ERP for the clients to use on their websites as a web store. ; An App for education institutes to control trainers, trainees, courses, print diplomas, id tags and all the documents necessary for the courses. It had an accessory windows server running on the client's server to handle sending the emails respecting the ISP's SMTP quota. ; A Content Management System for web sites.", 'June 2008 to Present', 'Lead Software Engineer')]
To be added:  (28, 'Meta Sistemas e Assessoria - Santos, SP', "; Architected and Developed several web applications using VB.Net, ASP.NET MVC, Web API, Web Services, Entity Framework, LINQ, KendoUI Components, Kendo MVVM, jQuery, jsLINQ, SignalR for Push Notifications, Hangfire for CronJobs, most of them using MsSQL and others using MySQL. ; Designed a Single Page Application Framework using jQuery/AJAX to work with ASP.Net MVC. ; Designed the responsive layout used by the web application using a responsive grid layout, similar to bootstrap, and other techniques to make the apps look like their legacy windows app so it'd be friendlier to the user. ; An ERP for small business that had integration through Web Services with of the largest Home Fashion Business in Brazil and the government invoicing system that consisting of digitally signing a xml file before sending it through a secure web service. ; A Software Update Utility that consisted of a web app for the company to control what version goes to which client, a windows service on the client's server to consume a web service that provides what updates are available working along with a web service to communicate with the web site so we could check if the windows service was running properly. ; A Database Backup Utility, integrated with the Software Update Website, that consisted of a web service on the client's server that enabled us to request a fresh backup of the client's database and sync the backup with our servers. ; Migrated the Content Management System from Silverlight with MsSQL to ASP.NET MVC with MySQL so it would be cheaper for our clients on the database site and for the application to work on any device, not depending on Silverlight plugins. ; Architected and Developed several web applications using VB.Net, Silverlight, Web Services, Entity Framework, LINQ, MVVM and MsSQL. ; A b2b companion app for the ERP for the suppliers to update the status of the client's purchases. ; A b2c companion app for the ERP for the clients to use on their websites as a web store. ; An App for education institutes to control trainers, trainees, courses, print diplomas, id tags and all the documents necessary for the courses. It had an accessory windows server running on the client's server to handle sending the emails respecting the ISP's SMTP quota. ; A Content Management System for web sites.", 'June 2008 to Present', 'Lead Software Engineer') 

Exists: [(28, 'Instituto Vencer de Desenvolvimento Humano - Santos, SP', '; Trained hundreds of people using Neurolinguistics Programming techniques to help them improve their lives and broaden their points of view.', 'June 2008 to Present', 'Neurolinguistics Trainer')]
To be added:  (28, 'Instituto Vencer de Desenvolvimento Humano - Santos, SP', '; Trained hundreds of people using Neurolinguistics Programming techniques to help them improve their lives and broaden their points of view.', 'June 2008 to Present', 'Neurolinguistics Trainer') 

Exists: [(28, 'Inetx Consultoria - Sao Paulo, SP', '; Helped developing a Business Intelligence integration for Risk Analysis for a large bank in Brazil using VB.Net and MsSQL Integration Services.', 'March 2008 to May 2008', 'Sr. Software Developer')]
To be added:  (28, 'Inetx Consultoria - Sao Paulo, SP', '; Helped developing a Business Intelligence integration for Risk Analysis for a large bank in Brazil using VB.Net and MsSQL Integration Services.', 'March 2008 to May 2008', 'Sr. Software Developer') 

Exists: [(28, 'Talent Four Consulting - Sao Paulo, SP', '; Helped elaborating the development patterns and standards for a Foreign Trade System of a large clothing company in Brazil using ASP.Net, ASP.Net AJAX, ADO.NET and DB2 Database.', 'October 2007 to February 2008', 'Sr. Software Developer')]
To be added:  (28, 'Talent Four Consulting - Sao Paulo, SP', '; Helped elaborating the development patterns and standards for a Foreign Trade System of a large clothing company in Brazil using ASP.Net, ASP.Net AJAX, ADO.NET and DB2 Database.', 'October 2007 to February 2008', 'Sr. Software Developer') 

Exists: [(43, 'Oracle Corporation Ltd. - Rio de Janeiro, RJ', 'Projects: Deployment/Expansion of Platforms in the Mobile Core Network for Telecoms Carriers in the LAD region. Project management related to Tekelec products Mobile Network ; PCRF, SPR, DSR and Eagle. Responsible for following the standards of quality based on the PMI, starting and completing projects taking care of costs, risk management, scope change request vs, team leader and time management. Tracking sales team, in order to help with the current status of the project to give them information to build responses to RFP and RFQ are requested by the customer in order to sell new projects / services. Responsible for controlling the HW phase, with design and installation (i.e. Site Survey and HW delivery logistics in sites), weekly status meeting with the customer and following the Project Life Cycle. Main Projects/Achievements: Main Projects at TIM Brazil; PCRF Successful expansion in Core Mobile in 2015 and Migration of 80 million subscribers in 2016 to the new Oracle DB OC-UDR.', 'August 2013 to September 2016', 'Project Manager')]
To be added:  (43, 'Oracle Corporation Ltd. - Rio de Janeiro, RJ', 'Projects: Deployment/Expansion of Platforms in the Mobile Core Network for Telecoms Carriers in the LAD region. Project management related to Tekelec products Mobile Network ; PCRF, SPR, DSR and Eagle. Responsible for following the standards of quality based on the PMI, starting and completing projects taking care of costs, risk management, scope change request vs, team leader and time management. Tracking sales team, in order to help with the current status of the project to give them information to build responses to RFP and RFQ are requested by the customer in order to sell new projects / services. Responsible for controlling the HW phase, with design and installation (i.e. Site Survey and HW delivery logistics in sites), weekly status meeting with the customer and following the Project Life Cycle. Main Projects/Achievements: Main Projects at TIM Brazil; PCRF Successful expansion in Core Mobile in 2015 and Migration of 80 million subscribers in 2016 to the new Oracle DB OC-UDR.', 'August 2013 to September 2016', 'Project Manager') 

Exists: [(43, 'Tekelec Ltd. (Bought by Oracle) - Rio de Janeiro, RJ', 'Projects: Deployment/Expansion of Platforms in the Mobile Core Network for Telecoms Carriers in the LAD region. Responsible for generating the project documentation: PRD (Project Requirements Document), Schedule (MS Project), Statement of Work (SOW), Risk Assessment, Control Action Items and Status Reports weekly. Responsible for controlling the HW phase, with design and installation (i.e. Site Survey and HW delivery logistics in sites), weekly meeting with the customer and following the Project Life Cycle. Tracking sales team, in order to assist with the current status of the project to give them information to build responses to RFP and RFQ requested by the customer in order to sell new projects / services. Responsible for following the standards of quality based on the PMI, starting and completing projects taking care of cost, quality, risk management, scope change request vs, team leader and time management. Main Projects/Achievements: Main Projects at TIM Brazil: Core Mobile PCRF/SPR Expansion 2012/2013, OC-UDR and Brazilian 9th Digit Project. Main Projects at CLARO: Diameter Signaling Router First Deployment 2013 and HW Expansion 2014. Main Projects at VIVO: PCRF Core Mobile Platforms First Deployment/Expansion 2013/2014.', 'January 2012 to August 2013', 'Customer Project Manager')]
To be added:  (43, 'Tekelec Ltd. (Bought by Oracle) - Rio de Janeiro, RJ', 'Projects: Deployment/Expansion of Platforms in the Mobile Core Network for Telecoms Carriers in the LAD region. Responsible for generating the project documentation: PRD (Project Requirements Document), Schedule (MS Project), Statement of Work (SOW), Risk Assessment, Control Action Items and Status Reports weekly. Responsible for controlling the HW phase, with design and installation (i.e. Site Survey and HW delivery logistics in sites), weekly meeting with the customer and following the Project Life Cycle. Tracking sales team, in order to assist with the current status of the project to give them information to build responses to RFP and RFQ requested by the customer in order to sell new projects / services. Responsible for following the standards of quality based on the PMI, starting and completing projects taking care of cost, quality, risk management, scope change request vs, team leader and time management. Main Projects/Achievements: Main Projects at TIM Brazil: Core Mobile PCRF/SPR Expansion 2012/2013, OC-UDR and Brazilian 9th Digit Project. Main Projects at CLARO: Diameter Signaling Router First Deployment 2013 and HW Expansion 2014. Main Projects at VIVO: PCRF Core Mobile Platforms First Deployment/Expansion 2013/2014.', 'January 2012 to August 2013', 'Customer Project Manager') 

Exists: [(43, 'Indra Ltd. - Rio de Janeiro, RJ', 'Project: SAP - ERP Platform Deployment PMO - Project Office to serve the customer during the project in order to control, define processes and measure project progress. Definition of procedures for managing projects based on PMI methodology. Project Management using MS-Project and Controlling the processes definition.', 'March 2011 to January 2012', 'Senior Project Manager')]
To be added:  (43, 'Indra Ltd. - Rio de Janeiro, RJ', 'Project: SAP - ERP Platform Deployment PMO - Project Office to serve the customer during the project in order to control, define processes and measure project progress. Definition of procedures for managing projects based on PMI methodology. Project Management using MS-Project and Controlling the processes definition.', 'March 2011 to January 2012', 'Senior Project Manager') 

Exists: [(43, 'Oi telecomunicacões - Rio de Janeiro, RJ', 'Projects: Control System Implementation with Customer Identification on Velox via AAA in real time and Projects for Network Expansion Strategic management of projects involving the expansion of the fixed network to meet the demand for voice and data with management and implementation of control network. Regulatory project management to Anatel rules. Project management with the implementation of broadband customers control platform on Velox (product), involving inventory and Subscriber Authentication.', 'January 2009 to March 2011', 'Project Manager')]
To be added:  (43, 'Oi telecomunicacões - Rio de Janeiro, RJ', 'Projects: Control System Implementation with Customer Identification on Velox via AAA in real time and Projects for Network Expansion Strategic management of projects involving the expansion of the fixed network to meet the demand for voice and data with management and implementation of control network. Regulatory project management to Anatel rules. Project management with the implementation of broadband customers control platform on Velox (product), involving inventory and Subscriber Authentication.', 'January 2009 to March 2011', 'Project Manager') 

Exists: [(43, 'Stefanini IT Solution - Rio de Janeiro, RJ', 'Project: Siebel CRM System upgrade to meet new ANATEL Rules Factory Project Management systems to meet customer demands. CRM System Project Management and Inventory Mobile subscribers. Project Management to estimate the effort, setting schedules, resource allocation and generating status reports to the PMO customer and internally to the sales team to negotiate new projects in order to answer the RFP and RFQ documents demanded by customer.', 'February 2008 to December 2008', 'Project Manager')]
To be added:  (43, 'Stefanini IT Solution - Rio de Janeiro, RJ', 'Project: Siebel CRM System upgrade to meet new ANATEL Rules Factory Project Management systems to meet customer demands. CRM System Project Management and Inventory Mobile subscribers. Project Management to estimate the effort, setting schedules, resource allocation and generating status reports to the PMO customer and internally to the sales team to negotiate new projects in order to answer the RFP and RFQ documents demanded by customer.', 'February 2008 to December 2008', 'Project Manager') 

Exists: [(43, 'TIM - Rio de Janeiro, RJ', 'Projects: Multi-torpedo System and Creation of New LAs (Large Accounts) Acting as project leader in Multi-torpedo design. Implementation, administration and technical support for the Value-Added Services (VAS) in mobile phones, involving network elements and mobile network technology. Working with consultants and suppliers for the procurement and projects control with technical evaluation.', 'March 2007 to February 2008', 'Project Specialist')]
To be added:  (43, 'TIM - Rio de Janeiro, RJ', 'Projects: Multi-torpedo System and Creation of New LAs (Large Accounts) Acting as project leader in Multi-torpedo design. Implementation, administration and technical support for the Value-Added Services (VAS) in mobile phones, involving network elements and mobile network technology. Working with consultants and suppliers for the procurement and projects control with technical evaluation.', 'March 2007 to February 2008', 'Project Specialist') 

Exists: [(43, 'Orga Systems - Rio de Janeiro, RJ', 'Projects: Prepaid OPSC System upgrade to meet new plans of Voice and Data for Mobile Operators in the LAD region. Testing and validation of SW releases for prepaid system OPSC (Billing) and applications for billing systems. Preparation of all documentation system (Technical Specifications) and project schedule. Conducting validation of billing systems proposed. Acting as a Solution Architect for projects like negotiator and technical link with partners and suppliers in Germany.', 'December 2005 to February 2007', 'Business and Quality Analyst')]
To be added:  (43, 'Orga Systems - Rio de Janeiro, RJ', 'Projects: Prepaid OPSC System upgrade to meet new plans of Voice and Data for Mobile Operators in the LAD region. Testing and validation of SW releases for prepaid system OPSC (Billing) and applications for billing systems. Preparation of all documentation system (Technical Specifications) and project schedule. Conducting validation of billing systems proposed. Acting as a Solution Architect for projects like negotiator and technical link with partners and suppliers in Germany.', 'December 2005 to February 2007', 'Business and Quality Analyst') 

Exists: [(43, 'Atos Origin - Rio de Janeiro, RJ', 'Projects: BSCS System Postpaid upgrade to meet new plans of mobile Voice and VAS Network Systems Development for monitoring the performance of GSM networks and Web VAS. Systems Development for middleware environment. Participation in high degree of network postpaid confidentiality projects for new mobile voice plans. Requirements specification system architecture, functional and design for projects. Consultancy for the GSM network.', 'September 2004 to December 2005', 'Systems Analyst')]
To be added:  (43, 'Atos Origin - Rio de Janeiro, RJ', 'Projects: BSCS System Postpaid upgrade to meet new plans of mobile Voice and VAS Network Systems Development for monitoring the performance of GSM networks and Web VAS. Systems Development for middleware environment. Participation in high degree of network postpaid confidentiality projects for new mobile voice plans. Requirements specification system architecture, functional and design for projects. Consultancy for the GSM network.', 'September 2004 to December 2005', 'Systems Analyst') 

Exists: [(43, 'Xerox - Rio de Janeiro, RJ', 'Project: Adfac System upgrade for controlling the Activations of Data Business Connection Management team to maintain the system. Using the SCM tool on UNIX and intervention via Windows SW. Coordination and courses and seminars on the use of SCM for IT systems. Prospecting for new projects in the area of systems and modeling requirements.', 'October 2003 to August 2004', 'Consultant')]
To be added:  (43, 'Xerox - Rio de Janeiro, RJ', 'Project: Adfac System upgrade for controlling the Activations of Data Business Connection Management team to maintain the system. Using the SCM tool on UNIX and intervention via Windows SW. Coordination and courses and seminars on the use of SCM for IT systems. Prospecting for new projects in the area of systems and modeling requirements.', 'October 2003 to August 2004', 'Consultant') 

Exists: [(9, 'Sovos Compliance - Barueri, SP', 'Activities ; Day to day duties were managed in a timely manner with a client response deadline ; Client contact for complete analysis of the situation ; Create technical specifications and test plans ; Enhance existing system by analyzing business objectives identify possible threats and modify improvement ; Ability to teamwork with support team day to day issue that need immediate resolutions, in addition contributed for future project developments. ; Report project/task status to the Application Development Manager on a daily basis. ; Technically manage complex and large scale project efforts in development, maintenance and enhancements of business system application ; Works collaboratively with others across distributed offices Involved Technologies ; SQL 2014,Net Framework, Entity Framework, Web Services, WCF, and WEB.API, RESTfull and SOAP services, Windows Services, multithreading, and message queuing, HTML, Bootstrap, CSS3, JQuery, SVN, GitHub, JIRA.', 'October 2016 to Present', 'Senior .Net Developer')]
To be added:  (9, 'Sovos Compliance - Barueri, SP', 'Activities ; Day to day duties were managed in a timely manner with a client response deadline ; Client contact for complete analysis of the situation ; Create technical specifications and test plans ; Enhance existing system by analyzing business objectives identify possible threats and modify improvement ; Ability to teamwork with support team day to day issue that need immediate resolutions, in addition contributed for future project developments. ; Report project/task status to the Application Development Manager on a daily basis. ; Technically manage complex and large scale project efforts in development, maintenance and enhancements of business system application ; Works collaboratively with others across distributed offices Involved Technologies ; SQL 2014,Net Framework, Entity Framework, Web Services, WCF, and WEB.API, RESTfull and SOAP services, Windows Services, multithreading, and message queuing, HTML, Bootstrap, CSS3, JQuery, SVN, GitHub, JIRA.', 'October 2016 to Present', 'Senior .Net Developer') 

Exists: [(9, 'Introgauge - Freelance', 'Activities ; Interact with product owner and business representatives to determine and satisfy needs. ; Assist in performance tuning, balancing, improvement, automation and usability. ; Report project/task status to the client on a weekly basis. ; Responsible for developing the front end in ReactJS ; Responsible for developing the back-end in .Net (Rest Service) ; Responsible for modeling the database model Involved Technologies ; SQL 2016, .Net Framework; Entity Framework, log4net, oAuth 2.0, and WEB.API, RESTfull Services, Windows Services, multithreading, message queuing, HTML, Bootstrap, CSS3, JQuery, ReactJS, GitLab, JIRA.', 'October 2015 to February 2017', 'Fullstack Developer')]
To be added:  (9, 'Introgauge - Freelance', 'Activities ; Interact with product owner and business representatives to determine and satisfy needs. ; Assist in performance tuning, balancing, improvement, automation and usability. ; Report project/task status to the client on a weekly basis. ; Responsible for developing the front end in ReactJS ; Responsible for developing the back-end in .Net (Rest Service) ; Responsible for modeling the database model Involved Technologies ; SQL 2016, .Net Framework; Entity Framework, log4net, oAuth 2.0, and WEB.API, RESTfull Services, Windows Services, multithreading, message queuing, HTML, Bootstrap, CSS3, JQuery, ReactJS, GitLab, JIRA.', 'October 2015 to February 2017', 'Fullstack Developer') 

Exists: [(9, 'Mercado Libre', "Activities ; Integration with many outsourced web api, and services ; Discuss with team members better technologies and design patterns for the projects ; Identify possible threats, and to anticipate possible errors ; Development of a new feature, for generation of bank files in CNAB's pattern ; Development of a Self Updater for updating the company's windows services automatically. ; Development of a new product, called KPL HUB, which is a Marketplaces tool, to make it easier to integrate ERPs, to one or many Marketplaces automatically, or manually. ; Proactively update stakeholders and maintain open and courteous communication. ; Evaluate emerging technologies for use within the application Involved Technologies ; .Net Framework; Entity Framework, log4net, Json.NET, oAuth 2.0., Web Services, WCF, and WEB.API, RESTFull and SOAP service, Windos Services, Message Queuing, SQL 2014, HTML, Bootstrap, CSS3, JQuery, Google Recaptcha, ReactJS.", 'July 2015 to October 2016', '.Net Programmer')]
To be added:  (9, 'Mercado Libre', "Activities ; Integration with many outsourced web api, and services ; Discuss with team members better technologies and design patterns for the projects ; Identify possible threats, and to anticipate possible errors ; Development of a new feature, for generation of bank files in CNAB's pattern ; Development of a Self Updater for updating the company's windows services automatically. ; Development of a new product, called KPL HUB, which is a Marketplaces tool, to make it easier to integrate ERPs, to one or many Marketplaces automatically, or manually. ; Proactively update stakeholders and maintain open and courteous communication. ; Evaluate emerging technologies for use within the application Involved Technologies ; .Net Framework; Entity Framework, log4net, Json.NET, oAuth 2.0., Web Services, WCF, and WEB.API, RESTFull and SOAP service, Windos Services, Message Queuing, SQL 2014, HTML, Bootstrap, CSS3, JQuery, Google Recaptcha, ReactJS.", 'July 2015 to October 2016', '.Net Programmer') 

Exists: [(9, 'Squadra', 'Client: GPS (Global Portfolio Strategists) ; Financial Company Activities ; Development of new functionality to export data, to Excel spreadsheets, and PowerPoint presentations, using an ASPOSE library. ; Develop system test plans, ensure software quality assurance standards are achieved. ; Report project/task status to the Development Manager on a daily basis. ; Participate in planning and implementing the projects. Involved Technologies ; .NET Framework, Visual Studio 2012 and 2013, Jquery, Ajax, Json, SQL 2012, Microsoft CRM dynamics, TFS, JIRA. Client: Instituto Votorantim / GPSV: ; Instituto Votorantim is a multinational company with social responsibilities Activities ; Help define scope of work ; Development of new functionalities ; Review and repair legacy code ; Assist in project development including capturing functional and technical requirements ; Act providing information, analysis, and recommendations in support of team efforts. ; People development ; Mentor and train new team members Involved Technologies ; WCF, SQL, Reporting Services, Jquery, .NET Framework, TFS Client: Sapura ; Oil Company Activities ; Development of reports, and charts using google charts library based on the data hosted in SharePoint Lists. ; Work closely with business partners and technical staff to create technical solutions that meet business and technical requirements. Involved Technologies ; SharePoint, Jquery, Google Charts, TFS. Client: Rede (Itaú) ; Financial Company Activities ; Development of a portal which provides the user access to the database. The tool was developed to make it possible the employees to execute SQL commands, anywhere, without having to install SQL Server in every computer, and respecting their rights access to the database objects. ; Development of a portal to manage log files in many servers, around the world. The tool came to avoid having to access many computers to access log files, and having it all accessible in one single place instead. ; Regularly communicate project progress, issues, and risks to IS management and business owners ; Create technical documentation such as design and specification documents, software architecture documents, and user instructions Involved Technologies ; .NET Framework, JQuery, WCF, SQL 2008, TFS', 'March 2014 to July 2015', 'Consultant')]
To be added:  (9, 'Squadra', 'Client: GPS (Global Portfolio Strategists) ; Financial Company Activities ; Development of new functionality to export data, to Excel spreadsheets, and PowerPoint presentations, using an ASPOSE library. ; Develop system test plans, ensure software quality assurance standards are achieved. ; Report project/task status to the Development Manager on a daily basis. ; Participate in planning and implementing the projects. Involved Technologies ; .NET Framework, Visual Studio 2012 and 2013, Jquery, Ajax, Json, SQL 2012, Microsoft CRM dynamics, TFS, JIRA. Client: Instituto Votorantim / GPSV: ; Instituto Votorantim is a multinational company with social responsibilities Activities ; Help define scope of work ; Development of new functionalities ; Review and repair legacy code ; Assist in project development including capturing functional and technical requirements ; Act providing information, analysis, and recommendations in support of team efforts. ; People development ; Mentor and train new team members Involved Technologies ; WCF, SQL, Reporting Services, Jquery, .NET Framework, TFS Client: Sapura ; Oil Company Activities ; Development of reports, and charts using google charts library based on the data hosted in SharePoint Lists. ; Work closely with business partners and technical staff to create technical solutions that meet business and technical requirements. Involved Technologies ; SharePoint, Jquery, Google Charts, TFS. Client: Rede (Itaú) ; Financial Company Activities ; Development of a portal which provides the user access to the database. The tool was developed to make it possible the employees to execute SQL commands, anywhere, without having to install SQL Server in every computer, and respecting their rights access to the database objects. ; Development of a portal to manage log files in many servers, around the world. The tool came to avoid having to access many computers to access log files, and having it all accessible in one single place instead. ; Regularly communicate project progress, issues, and risks to IS management and business owners ; Create technical documentation such as design and specification documents, software architecture documents, and user instructions Involved Technologies ; .NET Framework, JQuery, WCF, SQL 2008, TFS', 'March 2014 to July 2015', 'Consultant') 

Exists: [(9, 'Iteris', "Client: Localiza ; Car rental company Activities ; Development and maintenance of an existing system. ; Re-Architect existing systems and optimizing system structures ; Maintenance and migration of the company's new logo, in many web pages, and services. ; Work with client supervision to accomplish established requests, escalating to Manager when necessary and updating Manager on a regular basis. Involved Technologies ; C#, VB, ASP, SQL, JQuery, LINQ to SQL, WebServices, e WCF, TFS.", 'January 2013 to March 2014', 'Consultant')]
To be added:  (9, 'Iteris', "Client: Localiza ; Car rental company Activities ; Development and maintenance of an existing system. ; Re-Architect existing systems and optimizing system structures ; Maintenance and migration of the company's new logo, in many web pages, and services. ; Work with client supervision to accomplish established requests, escalating to Manager when necessary and updating Manager on a regular basis. Involved Technologies ; C#, VB, ASP, SQL, JQuery, LINQ to SQL, WebServices, e WCF, TFS.", 'January 2013 to March 2014', 'Consultant') 

Exists: [(9, 'CWI', 'Client: Instituto Votorantim / GPSV Instituto Votorantim is a multinational company with social responsibilities Activities Development of new functionalities, and maintenance of an existing social management project. Evaluate patches, bug fixes and other changes to the application installation Defines, executes and interprets complex/nested SQL queries Design, develop, and maintain Microsoft SQL database schemas and scripts, including views, triggers and stored procedures Regularly communicate project progress, issues, and risks to IS management and business owners Periodically meetings with the client, for analysing and suggesting new functionalities to improve the project. Involved Technologies WCF, SQL, Reporting Services, Jquery, .NET Framework.', 'October 2012 to January 2013', 'Consultant')]
To be added:  (9, 'CWI', 'Client: Instituto Votorantim / GPSV Instituto Votorantim is a multinational company with social responsibilities Activities Development of new functionalities, and maintenance of an existing social management project. Evaluate patches, bug fixes and other changes to the application installation Defines, executes and interprets complex/nested SQL queries Design, develop, and maintain Microsoft SQL database schemas and scripts, including views, triggers and stored procedures Regularly communicate project progress, issues, and risks to IS management and business owners Periodically meetings with the client, for analysing and suggesting new functionalities to improve the project. Involved Technologies WCF, SQL, Reporting Services, Jquery, .NET Framework.', 'October 2012 to January 2013', 'Consultant') 

Exists: [(9, 'BSI', "Client: Wal-Mart Multinational markets network Activities Gather requirements, design, develop, test and deploy applications Development of a new tool for perishable management. Development of a new tool for managing the perishable inventory, and it's reports. Assist in performance tuning, balancing, improvement, automation and usability. Participate in planning and implementing the project Involved Technologies .NET Framework, Linq, Web Services Jquery, Json, ADO, Report Viewer, SQL Server", 'December 2010 to October 2011', 'Consultant')]
To be added:  (9, 'BSI', "Client: Wal-Mart Multinational markets network Activities Gather requirements, design, develop, test and deploy applications Development of a new tool for perishable management. Development of a new tool for managing the perishable inventory, and it's reports. Assist in performance tuning, balancing, improvement, automation and usability. Participate in planning and implementing the project Involved Technologies .NET Framework, Linq, Web Services Jquery, Json, ADO, Report Viewer, SQL Server", 'December 2010 to October 2011', 'Consultant') 

Exists: [(9, 'LTM [Loyalty programs company]', 'Client: Itaú Activities Preparing required documentation, including both program-level and user-level documentation Gathering requirements from users and creates specifications and develops code Providing technical direction to non programmers to ensure program deadlines are met Development and maintenance of web page of the New LJ project. Works collaboratively with others across distributed offices Involved Technologies Visual Studio 2005 e 2008, C#, .NET, SQL Server 2008. Javascript.', 'September 2010 to December 2010', 'Consultant')]
To be added:  (9, 'LTM [Loyalty programs company]', 'Client: Itaú Activities Preparing required documentation, including both program-level and user-level documentation Gathering requirements from users and creates specifications and develops code Providing technical direction to non programmers to ensure program deadlines are met Development and maintenance of web page of the New LJ project. Works collaboratively with others across distributed offices Involved Technologies Visual Studio 2005 e 2008, C#, .NET, SQL Server 2008. Javascript.', 'September 2010 to December 2010', 'Consultant') 

Exists: [(4, 'Sama S.A. ; Mineracões Associadas - Minacu, GO', 'Analyze and document functional requirements for development enhancements, new developments, and enhancements per customer requests, Internal Auditor ISO 9001, 14001 and OHSAS 18001. Manage documents that define how new applications and enhancements will support business requirements. Project leader for Six Sigma (Green Belt) with benefits of $500K in cost avoidance. Developer web applications using ASP.Net, Delphi, PL/SQL, HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, DevExpress, JavaScript, AJAX, XML, UML and C#', 'August 2010 to Present', 'Senior Software Developer')]
To be added:  (4, 'Sama S.A. ; Mineracões Associadas - Minacu, GO', 'Analyze and document functional requirements for development enhancements, new developments, and enhancements per customer requests, Internal Auditor ISO 9001, 14001 and OHSAS 18001. Manage documents that define how new applications and enhancements will support business requirements. Project leader for Six Sigma (Green Belt) with benefits of $500K in cost avoidance. Developer web applications using ASP.Net, Delphi, PL/SQL, HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, DevExpress, JavaScript, AJAX, XML, UML and C#', 'August 2010 to Present', 'Senior Software Developer') 

Exists: [(4, 'Projecao Informática LTDA - Goiânia, GO', 'Technical support for change control assessments, software change requests, and risk/impact migration. Worked directly with staff on testing, validation, and operational reliability of system platform. Mentored and educated business users with regards to software applications. Provided database administration on Oracle platforms as needs. Created complex queries, database triggers, and indexes on Oracle platforms for a variety of projects. Developer applications desktop using Delphi, PL/SQL, ASP.Net', '2008 to 2010', 'Senior Software Developer')]
To be added:  (4, 'Projecao Informática LTDA - Goiânia, GO', 'Technical support for change control assessments, software change requests, and risk/impact migration. Worked directly with staff on testing, validation, and operational reliability of system platform. Mentored and educated business users with regards to software applications. Provided database administration on Oracle platforms as needs. Created complex queries, database triggers, and indexes on Oracle platforms for a variety of projects. Developer applications desktop using Delphi, PL/SQL, ASP.Net', '2008 to 2010', 'Senior Software Developer') 

Exists: [(0, 'BioLogica Sistemas', "Attributions as Software Architect: Conception and development of biometric and integration products. ; Defined the architecture for a biometrics middleware product based on C/C++. This product is a plug-in based software to allow for it's fast evolution. ; Defined the architecture for a biometrics integration product based on Java Enterprise Edition standards. This product has a set of decoupled GUI components that allow the user to create their own forms. ; Coordinated the developer team. ; Defined the development process based on agile practices for the execution phase, and traditional practices for the definition phase. ; Coordinated the creation of a build cell for continuous integration ; Coordinated the effort to include TDD in the development process ; Coordinated the effort to automate the majority of acceptance tests, reducing the time and costs associated with functional regression tests", 'August 2011 to Present', 'Software Architect')]
To be added:  (0, 'BioLogica Sistemas', "Attributions as Software Architect: Conception and development of biometric and integration products. ; Defined the architecture for a biometrics middleware product based on C/C++. This product is a plug-in based software to allow for it's fast evolution. ; Defined the architecture for a biometrics integration product based on Java Enterprise Edition standards. This product has a set of decoupled GUI components that allow the user to create their own forms. ; Coordinated the developer team. ; Defined the development process based on agile practices for the execution phase, and traditional practices for the definition phase. ; Coordinated the creation of a build cell for continuous integration ; Coordinated the effort to include TDD in the development process ; Coordinated the effort to automate the majority of acceptance tests, reducing the time and costs associated with functional regression tests", 'August 2011 to Present', 'Software Architect') 

Exists: [(0, 'Centro Universitário La Salle - Niteroi, RJ', 'Attributions as an Associate Professor: Teach system development disciplines for the information systems undergraduate and advise on final project assignments. Disciplines: Web Programming with Java, Human-Computer Interaction and Distributed Systems. ; Started the use of Wiimote accelerometer and Kinect in the Human-Computer Interaction discipline to allow the students to learn the new interaction technologies. ; Advised students for Final Papers using Kinect and GPUs. ; Created the Adventures of LaSallinho (available at GitHub), a Love2D game ported to Android for the celebration of La Salle Week. Fundacao Trompowsky Independent Consultant Sep/2009 - Sep/2011 Attributions as Systems Architect: Conception and development of web based products for DMS and integration with existing Distance Learning solutions. ; Defined the architecture and implemented a DMS product based on EJB3, JPA, JSF and Facelets ; Defined the architecture and implemented a Distance Learning product based on EJB3, JPA, JSF and Facelets ; Trained and coordinated the developer team ; Created a patch for NetBeans 6.9 to allow the use of JBoss 6 and IceFaces 2.0 ; Development of specific components: Moodle Single Sign-On, JBoss module for user authentication on remote system and File database persistence to integrate with JPA', 'August 2011 to December 2016', 'Associate Professor')]
To be added:  (0, 'Centro Universitário La Salle - Niteroi, RJ', 'Attributions as an Associate Professor: Teach system development disciplines for the information systems undergraduate and advise on final project assignments. Disciplines: Web Programming with Java, Human-Computer Interaction and Distributed Systems. ; Started the use of Wiimote accelerometer and Kinect in the Human-Computer Interaction discipline to allow the students to learn the new interaction technologies. ; Advised students for Final Papers using Kinect and GPUs. ; Created the Adventures of LaSallinho (available at GitHub), a Love2D game ported to Android for the celebration of La Salle Week. Fundacao Trompowsky Independent Consultant Sep/2009 - Sep/2011 Attributions as Systems Architect: Conception and development of web based products for DMS and integration with existing Distance Learning solutions. ; Defined the architecture and implemented a DMS product based on EJB3, JPA, JSF and Facelets ; Defined the architecture and implemented a Distance Learning product based on EJB3, JPA, JSF and Facelets ; Trained and coordinated the developer team ; Created a patch for NetBeans 6.9 to allow the use of JBoss 6 and IceFaces 2.0 ; Development of specific components: Moodle Single Sign-On, JBoss module for user authentication on remote system and File database persistence to integrate with JPA', 'August 2011 to December 2016', 'Associate Professor') 

Exists: [(0, 'Universidade Carioca', 'Attributions as an Associate Professor: Teach system development disciplines for the computer science undergraduate and advise on final project assignments. Disciplines: C Programming, Java Programming, Object Oriented Project Design, Object Oriented Programming, Web Development with Java, Compilers, Distributed Systems and Information Systems. ; Advised students on a Final Paper to use of the Wii remote controller in Lua with Love2D.', 'February 2008 to December 2011', 'Associate Professor')]
To be added:  (0, 'Universidade Carioca', 'Attributions as an Associate Professor: Teach system development disciplines for the computer science undergraduate and advise on final project assignments. Disciplines: C Programming, Java Programming, Object Oriented Project Design, Object Oriented Programming, Web Development with Java, Compilers, Distributed Systems and Information Systems. ; Advised students on a Final Paper to use of the Wii remote controller in Lua with Love2D.', 'February 2008 to December 2011', 'Associate Professor') 

Exists: [(0, 'Universidade Carioca - Rio, BR', 'Attributions as a Developer: Develop a parallelism solution for a Multi-Agent based Stem Cell Simulation. This project was part of the "Computer Science Great Challenges" initiative.', 'May 2008 to May 2009', 'CNPq funded Developer')]
To be added:  (0, 'Universidade Carioca - Rio, BR', 'Attributions as a Developer: Develop a parallelism solution for a Multi-Agent based Stem Cell Simulation. This project was part of the "Computer Science Great Challenges" initiative.', 'May 2008 to May 2009', 'CNPq funded Developer') 

Exists: [(0, 'Sakonnet Technology LLC', 'Attributions as Systems Analyst: Develop integration solutions using ESB concepts. ; Developed solutions based on JBI using ServiceMix, OpenESB and Fuse as integration platform for Java systems. ; Developed solutions using Open Source tools and providing corrections when necessary. ; Developed workflows based on jBPM from JBoss for integration solutions ; Patched an Apache FTP JBI component for product use', 'September 2007 to April 2008', 'Systems Analyst')]
To be added:  (0, 'Sakonnet Technology LLC', 'Attributions as Systems Analyst: Develop integration solutions using ESB concepts. ; Developed solutions based on JBI using ServiceMix, OpenESB and Fuse as integration platform for Java systems. ; Developed solutions using Open Source tools and providing corrections when necessary. ; Developed workflows based on jBPM from JBoss for integration solutions ; Patched an Apache FTP JBI component for product use', 'September 2007 to April 2008', 'Systems Analyst') 

Exists: [(0, 'Electronic Data Systems', 'Attributions as Lead Technologist: Act as a technology focal point for the various organization projects. ; Developed a PoC project to integrate a COBOL Enterprise system with Java EJB components running in a System/Z Websphere. The development was off-shore based, and needed additional infrastructure for component testing based on IIOP-over-CORBA ; Defined the architecture for systems integration ; Defined technological solutions to support the Application Delivery area ; Advised and trained a 40 people group to become Java Certified Programmers - the whole group was approved ; Technical advising for web application development and design pattern usage Attributions as Systems Analyst: Development of large systems in offshore projects. ; Development and maintenance of the Ticketing Reservation system for American Airlines. ; Reformulated the automobile sales management system for USA, Canada and Puerto Rico, from General Motors. Spent one week at EDS Dayton, OH, for training and modeling meetings, acted as the focal point on the Brazilian team. In this project my performance and commitment was graded as "exceeded expectations" due to my efforts on conducting the Brazilian team. ; Development and maintenance of the Engineering Control System for General Motors EUA and Europe based on web technology.', 'December 2002 to September 2007', 'Lead Technologist')]
To be added:  (0, 'Electronic Data Systems', 'Attributions as Lead Technologist: Act as a technology focal point for the various organization projects. ; Developed a PoC project to integrate a COBOL Enterprise system with Java EJB components running in a System/Z Websphere. The development was off-shore based, and needed additional infrastructure for component testing based on IIOP-over-CORBA ; Defined the architecture for systems integration ; Defined technological solutions to support the Application Delivery area ; Advised and trained a 40 people group to become Java Certified Programmers - the whole group was approved ; Technical advising for web application development and design pattern usage Attributions as Systems Analyst: Development of large systems in offshore projects. ; Development and maintenance of the Ticketing Reservation system for American Airlines. ; Reformulated the automobile sales management system for USA, Canada and Puerto Rico, from General Motors. Spent one week at EDS Dayton, OH, for training and modeling meetings, acted as the focal point on the Brazilian team. In this project my performance and commitment was graded as "exceeded expectations" due to my efforts on conducting the Brazilian team. ; Development and maintenance of the Engineering Control System for General Motors EUA and Europe based on web technology.', 'December 2002 to September 2007', 'Lead Technologist') 

Exists: [(8, 'Meta Sistemas e Assessoria - Santos, SP', "; Architected and Developed several web applications using VB.Net, ASP.NET MVC, Web API, Web Services, Entity Framework, LINQ, KendoUI Components, Kendo MVVM, jQuery, jsLINQ, SignalR for Push Notifications, Hangfire for CronJobs, most of them using MsSQL and others using MySQL. ; Designed a Single Page Application Framework using jQuery/AJAX to work with ASP.Net MVC. ; Designed the responsive layout used by the web application using a responsive grid layout, similar to bootstrap, and other techniques to make the apps look like their legacy windows app so it'd be friendlier to the user. ; An ERP for small business that had integration through Web Services with of the largest Home Fashion Business in Brazil and the government invoicing system that consisting of digitally signing a xml file before sending it through a secure web service. ; A Software Update Utility that consisted of a web app for the company to control what version goes to which client, a windows service on the client's server to consume a web service that provides what updates are available working along with a web service to communicate with the web site so we could check if the windows service was running properly. ; A Database Backup Utility, integrated with the Software Update Website, that consisted of a web service on the client's server that enabled us to request a fresh backup of the client's database and sync the backup with our servers. ; Migrated the Content Management System from Silverlight with MsSQL to ASP.NET MVC with MySQL so it would be cheaper for our clients on the database site and for the application to work on any device, not depending on Silverlight plugins. ; Architected and Developed several web applications using VB.Net, Silverlight, Web Services, Entity Framework, LINQ, MVVM and MsSQL. ; A b2b companion app for the ERP for the suppliers to update the status of the client's purchases. ; A b2c companion app for the ERP for the clients to use on their websites as a web store. ; An App for education institutes to control trainers, trainees, courses, print diplomas, id tags and all the documents necessary for the courses. It had an accessory windows server running on the client's server to handle sending the emails respecting the ISP's SMTP quota. ; A Content Management System for web sites.", 'June 2008 to Present', 'Lead Software Engineer')]
To be added:  (8, 'Meta Sistemas e Assessoria - Santos, SP', "; Architected and Developed several web applications using VB.Net, ASP.NET MVC, Web API, Web Services, Entity Framework, LINQ, KendoUI Components, Kendo MVVM, jQuery, jsLINQ, SignalR for Push Notifications, Hangfire for CronJobs, most of them using MsSQL and others using MySQL. ; Designed a Single Page Application Framework using jQuery/AJAX to work with ASP.Net MVC. ; Designed the responsive layout used by the web application using a responsive grid layout, similar to bootstrap, and other techniques to make the apps look like their legacy windows app so it'd be friendlier to the user. ; An ERP for small business that had integration through Web Services with of the largest Home Fashion Business in Brazil and the government invoicing system that consisting of digitally signing a xml file before sending it through a secure web service. ; A Software Update Utility that consisted of a web app for the company to control what version goes to which client, a windows service on the client's server to consume a web service that provides what updates are available working along with a web service to communicate with the web site so we could check if the windows service was running properly. ; A Database Backup Utility, integrated with the Software Update Website, that consisted of a web service on the client's server that enabled us to request a fresh backup of the client's database and sync the backup with our servers. ; Migrated the Content Management System from Silverlight with MsSQL to ASP.NET MVC with MySQL so it would be cheaper for our clients on the database site and for the application to work on any device, not depending on Silverlight plugins. ; Architected and Developed several web applications using VB.Net, Silverlight, Web Services, Entity Framework, LINQ, MVVM and MsSQL. ; A b2b companion app for the ERP for the suppliers to update the status of the client's purchases. ; A b2c companion app for the ERP for the clients to use on their websites as a web store. ; An App for education institutes to control trainers, trainees, courses, print diplomas, id tags and all the documents necessary for the courses. It had an accessory windows server running on the client's server to handle sending the emails respecting the ISP's SMTP quota. ; A Content Management System for web sites.", 'June 2008 to Present', 'Lead Software Engineer') 

Exists: [(8, 'Instituto Vencer de Desenvolvimento Humano - Santos, SP', '; Trained hundreds of people using Neurolinguistics Programming techniques to help them improve their lives and broaden their points of view.', 'June 2008 to Present', 'Neurolinguistics Trainer')]
To be added:  (8, 'Instituto Vencer de Desenvolvimento Humano - Santos, SP', '; Trained hundreds of people using Neurolinguistics Programming techniques to help them improve their lives and broaden their points of view.', 'June 2008 to Present', 'Neurolinguistics Trainer') 

Exists: [(8, 'Inetx Consultoria - Sao Paulo, SP', '; Helped developing a Business Intelligence integration for Risk Analysis for a large bank in Brazil using VB.Net and MsSQL Integration Services.', 'March 2008 to May 2008', 'Sr. Software Developer')]
To be added:  (8, 'Inetx Consultoria - Sao Paulo, SP', '; Helped developing a Business Intelligence integration for Risk Analysis for a large bank in Brazil using VB.Net and MsSQL Integration Services.', 'March 2008 to May 2008', 'Sr. Software Developer') 

Exists: [(8, 'Talent Four Consulting - Sao Paulo, SP', '; Helped elaborating the development patterns and standards for a Foreign Trade System of a large clothing company in Brazil using ASP.Net, ASP.Net AJAX, ADO.NET and DB2 Database.', 'October 2007 to February 2008', 'Sr. Software Developer')]
To be added:  (8, 'Talent Four Consulting - Sao Paulo, SP', '; Helped elaborating the development patterns and standards for a Foreign Trade System of a large clothing company in Brazil using ASP.Net, ASP.Net AJAX, ADO.NET and DB2 Database.', 'October 2007 to February 2008', 'Sr. Software Developer') 

Exists: [(2, 'Banorte - MX', 'The client is one of the biggest banks in Mexico. Mr. Rocha was part of a temporary task force acting as project manager and data architect, with the main responsibilities: Team management Financial management and report to the senior leadership Review of the MDM Architecture Tools: IBM MDM Enterprise Edition 11.5', 'October 2016 to January 2017', 'Project Manager / Data Architect')]
To be added:  (2, 'Banorte - MX', 'The client is one of the biggest banks in Mexico. Mr. Rocha was part of a temporary task force acting as project manager and data architect, with the main responsibilities: Team management Financial management and report to the senior leadership Review of the MDM Architecture Tools: IBM MDM Enterprise Edition 11.5', 'October 2016 to January 2017', 'Project Manager / Data Architect') 

Exists: [(2, 'TIM Brasil', 'The client is one of the biggest telecom companies in Brazil. The project goal was to design a Metadata and Security strategy for the client Big Data environment. Mr. Rocha was the project manager and metadata lead, with the main responsibilities: Design a metadata delivery strategy Integrate metadata and security workflows Report progress, issues and risks to the client and IBM account Delivery Project Executive (DPE) Tools: IBM Information Governance Catalog 11.5', 'July 2016 to October 2016', 'Project Manager / Metadata Lead')]
To be added:  (2, 'TIM Brasil', 'The client is one of the biggest telecom companies in Brazil. The project goal was to design a Metadata and Security strategy for the client Big Data environment. Mr. Rocha was the project manager and metadata lead, with the main responsibilities: Design a metadata delivery strategy Integrate metadata and security workflows Report progress, issues and risks to the client and IBM account Delivery Project Executive (DPE) Tools: IBM Information Governance Catalog 11.5', 'July 2016 to October 2016', 'Project Manager / Metadata Lead') 

Exists: [(2, 'Bradesco Seguros', 'Bradesco is the biggest insurance company in Brazil and the project was a complete counter fraud solution for Auto segment with many IBM analytic products such as Identity Insight, Case Manager, ODM and SPSS. Mr. Rocha was the Data Integration Architect Lead, with the main responsibilities: Survey of Business Requirements Data Integration conceptual, logical and physical design to ingest source system data into the target industry data model Lead development team Play a key role as a bridge between all technical teams and final business users Tools: DB2, Informatica Power Center', 'April 2015 to June 2016', 'Data Integration Architect Lead')]
To be added:  (2, 'Bradesco Seguros', 'Bradesco is the biggest insurance company in Brazil and the project was a complete counter fraud solution for Auto segment with many IBM analytic products such as Identity Insight, Case Manager, ODM and SPSS. Mr. Rocha was the Data Integration Architect Lead, with the main responsibilities: Survey of Business Requirements Data Integration conceptual, logical and physical design to ingest source system data into the target industry data model Lead development team Play a key role as a bridge between all technical teams and final business users Tools: DB2, Informatica Power Center', 'April 2015 to June 2016', 'Data Integration Architect Lead') 

Exists: [(2, 'BRMalls', 'Location: Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Role: Data Integration Architect Lead BRMalls is one of the biggest players in the shopping mall market in Brazil, with over 40 shoppings spread all over the country. The scope of the project was to build an Enterprise Data Warehouse from the scratch. The consultant acted as Data Integration Architect Lead with the main responsibilities: Survey of Business Requirements Functional Specification with prioritized indicators definition, sources systems impacted and conceptual data integration model Technical Specification with the logical and physical data integration model Support ETL development, ensuring the adhesion of the design implementation of the solution Support the development of reports and dashboards, ensuring the correct source of information for the indicators construction Support the construction of the data model, helping in understanding business rules, and the relationship between entities Tools: Oracle 11g, ODI 11, OBIEE 11', 'April 2014 to April 2015', 'Data Integration Architect Lead')]
To be added:  (2, 'BRMalls', 'Location: Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Role: Data Integration Architect Lead BRMalls is one of the biggest players in the shopping mall market in Brazil, with over 40 shoppings spread all over the country. The scope of the project was to build an Enterprise Data Warehouse from the scratch. The consultant acted as Data Integration Architect Lead with the main responsibilities: Survey of Business Requirements Functional Specification with prioritized indicators definition, sources systems impacted and conceptual data integration model Technical Specification with the logical and physical data integration model Support ETL development, ensuring the adhesion of the design implementation of the solution Support the development of reports and dashboards, ensuring the correct source of information for the indicators construction Support the construction of the data model, helping in understanding business rules, and the relationship between entities Tools: Oracle 11g, ODI 11, OBIEE 11', 'April 2014 to April 2015', 'Data Integration Architect Lead') 

Exists: [(2, 'Itaú - Unibanco', "The client was the largest bank in Latin America. Itau acquired IBM's tool BDW - Banking Data Warehouse v8.5 that enables consolidation of financial data from multiple channels and products, including a rich set of business for projects that promote the collaboration of IT and business requirements for the development, the standardization and implementation. It also has an innovative content to meet the most recent regulatory and business information. The consultant acted as a Senior Data Analyst, responsible for the data mapping team with the main responsibilities: Survey of Business Requirements with users Logical and physical mapping from source systems to Banking Data Warehouse IBM Industry model (BDW) 8.5 (Customer, User Experience and Contracts systems), applying ETL and data quality rules. Mapping from DW model to the semantic/dimensional layer Support ETL and Testing teams Support Cognos team Tools: DB2, DataStage v8.x, Cognos", 'August 2012 to March 2014', 'Data Mapping Lead')]
To be added:  (2, 'Itaú - Unibanco', "The client was the largest bank in Latin America. Itau acquired IBM's tool BDW - Banking Data Warehouse v8.5 that enables consolidation of financial data from multiple channels and products, including a rich set of business for projects that promote the collaboration of IT and business requirements for the development, the standardization and implementation. It also has an innovative content to meet the most recent regulatory and business information. The consultant acted as a Senior Data Analyst, responsible for the data mapping team with the main responsibilities: Survey of Business Requirements with users Logical and physical mapping from source systems to Banking Data Warehouse IBM Industry model (BDW) 8.5 (Customer, User Experience and Contracts systems), applying ETL and data quality rules. Mapping from DW model to the semantic/dimensional layer Support ETL and Testing teams Support Cognos team Tools: DB2, DataStage v8.x, Cognos", 'August 2012 to March 2014', 'Data Mapping Lead') 

Exists: [(2, 'IBM Brasil - Rio de janeiro, BR', 'Rio de janeiro, Brazil', 'June 2012 to June 2012', 'STRATEGY AND ANALYTICS MANAGING CONSULTANT')]
To be added:  (2, 'IBM Brasil - Rio de janeiro, BR', 'Rio de janeiro, Brazil', 'June 2012 to June 2012', 'STRATEGY AND ANALYTICS MANAGING CONSULTANT') 

Exists: [(2, 'CITEL GROUP - Rio de Janeiro, BR', 'Rio de Janeiro, Brazil', 'December 2010 to May 2012', 'PROJECT MANAGER')]
To be added:  (2, 'CITEL GROUP - Rio de Janeiro, BR', 'Rio de Janeiro, Brazil', 'December 2010 to May 2012', 'PROJECT MANAGER') 

Exists: [(2, 'CITEL GROUP', 'The client is one of the biggest telco companies in Brazil. Mr. Rocha was the Project Manager responsible for the Business Intelligence factory, using mainly SAS solutions: Management of development team Project portfolio administration Budget and Cost Control for a software factory SAS BI Solutions Architecture Management New opportunities prospecting', 'December 2010 to May 2012', 'Project Manager')]
To be added:  (2, 'CITEL GROUP', 'The client is one of the biggest telco companies in Brazil. Mr. Rocha was the Project Manager responsible for the Business Intelligence factory, using mainly SAS solutions: Management of development team Project portfolio administration Budget and Cost Control for a software factory SAS BI Solutions Architecture Management New opportunities prospecting', 'December 2010 to May 2012', 'Project Manager') 

Exists: [(2, 'TIM Brasil', 'Location: Rio de janeiro, Brazil Role: Business Intelligence Architect Mr. Rocha was responsible for the architecture of all solutions of Business Intelligence factory with SAS BI 9.x Tools: Oracle 11g, PL/SQL, SAS 9.x (Information Map, EGuide, WebReport, Data Integration Studio, OLAP Cube Studio)', 'February 2010 to December 2010', 'Business Intelligence Architect')]
To be added:  (2, 'TIM Brasil', 'Location: Rio de janeiro, Brazil Role: Business Intelligence Architect Mr. Rocha was responsible for the architecture of all solutions of Business Intelligence factory with SAS BI 9.x Tools: Oracle 11g, PL/SQL, SAS 9.x (Information Map, EGuide, WebReport, Data Integration Studio, OLAP Cube Studio)', 'February 2010 to December 2010', 'Business Intelligence Architect') 

Exists: [(5, 'DevFactory - Remote', 'DevFactory, Remote Part of the rapid prototype team, responsible for building and architecting prototypes that will later become actuals products and be developed by a different team. Create and provisioning a Docker Jenkins machine to deploy new projects. Create build scripts to build Docker images of the projects and push them to a private registry. Create Jenkins jobs to deploy created Docker images to a Docker Swarm. Develop API backend using Spring Boot.', 'November 2016 to Present', 'Software Architect')]
To be added:  (5, 'DevFactory - Remote', 'DevFactory, Remote Part of the rapid prototype team, responsible for building and architecting prototypes that will later become actuals products and be developed by a different team. Create and provisioning a Docker Jenkins machine to deploy new projects. Create build scripts to build Docker images of the projects and push them to a private registry. Create Jenkins jobs to deploy created Docker images to a Docker Swarm. Develop API backend using Spring Boot.', 'November 2016 to Present', 'Software Architect') 

Exists: [(5, 'Ministry of Education - Brasília, DF', 'Formulating and developing reference architecture for Java and PHP projects and applications used by the general population, ministry employees and also services consumed by mobile apps. Defining the methodology and infrastructure to run a continuous integration platform using Jenkins and assessing code quality through SonarQube. Defining standards for version control, code writing and project layout (including writing hooks for validating commits through Git and SVN). Migrating projects to JBoss EAP 6 from JBoss 5, Tomcat and Glassfish. Defining a deploy standard for development and production environments as standards for the creation of said environments. Support and guidance to the development team (around 50 developers). Creating standards for configuration management and guidance for refactoring noncompliant projects to meet the standards. Part of the devops team using virtualized environments on Linux, Apache, Zend Server and JBoss. Creating Vagrant virtual machines for the development team in order to emulate the servers settings easing the deployment friction between local and server environments. Creating Docker machines for integration tests and proof of concept for new tools.', 'January 2011 to October 2016', 'Software Architect')]
To be added:  (5, 'Ministry of Education - Brasília, DF', 'Formulating and developing reference architecture for Java and PHP projects and applications used by the general population, ministry employees and also services consumed by mobile apps. Defining the methodology and infrastructure to run a continuous integration platform using Jenkins and assessing code quality through SonarQube. Defining standards for version control, code writing and project layout (including writing hooks for validating commits through Git and SVN). Migrating projects to JBoss EAP 6 from JBoss 5, Tomcat and Glassfish. Defining a deploy standard for development and production environments as standards for the creation of said environments. Support and guidance to the development team (around 50 developers). Creating standards for configuration management and guidance for refactoring noncompliant projects to meet the standards. Part of the devops team using virtualized environments on Linux, Apache, Zend Server and JBoss. Creating Vagrant virtual machines for the development team in order to emulate the servers settings easing the deployment friction between local and server environments. Creating Docker machines for integration tests and proof of concept for new tools.', 'January 2011 to October 2016', 'Software Architect') 

Exists: [(7, 'Red Hat - Sao Paulo, SP', 'Participation in customer strategic planning sessions supporting, in opportunities discovery, the Account Managers for Telecommunications and Data Center industries; Business development aiming at Digital Transformation formulating strategies and concepts for the adoption of open-source software; Customer engagements in ICT with focus in new and disruptive technologies: NFV - Network Functions Virtualization, SDN - Software Defined Network and Cloud; Consultative services approach focusing in Red Hat solutions in RFx answers and unsolicited proposals, providing business and technical sales support to sales teams; Partner engagements and solution build up for network functions virtualization and software defined networks portfolio.', 'February 2016 to November 2016', 'Domain Architect')]
To be added:  (7, 'Red Hat - Sao Paulo, SP', 'Participation in customer strategic planning sessions supporting, in opportunities discovery, the Account Managers for Telecommunications and Data Center industries; Business development aiming at Digital Transformation formulating strategies and concepts for the adoption of open-source software; Customer engagements in ICT with focus in new and disruptive technologies: NFV - Network Functions Virtualization, SDN - Software Defined Network and Cloud; Consultative services approach focusing in Red Hat solutions in RFx answers and unsolicited proposals, providing business and technical sales support to sales teams; Partner engagements and solution build up for network functions virtualization and software defined networks portfolio.', 'February 2016 to November 2016', 'Domain Architect') 

Exists: [(47, 'Petrobras - Rio de Janeiro, RJ', 'As a solution architect, I performed the following tasks: - Resizing and optimization of IBM Maximo application server infrastructure, reducing monthly operations cost from R$ 613,000 to R$ 75,000 - Performance analysis and monitoring using Dynatrace - Troubleshooting of Java performance issues (VisualVM, Memory Analyzer, GCViewer) - Analysis of HTTP requests using Wireshark, Fiddler2, squid, Postman. Also experienced in Chrome Developer Tools, Firefox Web Developer Tools, IE F12 Tools. - System configuration (Apache/WebLogic), deployment and versioning (CVS/Subversion/Git) - Server architecture sizing - Code review and inspection (with Sonar) - Development of tools and processes to improve application monitoring - Adoption of build automation (Ant/Maven), continuous integration (Jenkins) and issue tracking (Jira) As a member of the application architecture team, performed activities such as: - Created an in-house enterprise application framework, focused on simplicity and standards, targeting both front-end (Flex/JSF/HTML/CSS/JavaScript) and back-end layers (vanilla Java EE). - Supported internal development teams, doing troubleshooting and analyzing the most complex errors. - Mentoring of junior software engineers to improve their skills and make them more effective, productive, and influencing software engineering best practices within the various development teams. - Research and training in technologies such as: Ruby on Rails, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, Android development, JSF/Primefaces, Hibernate, JPA, EJB, Mule ESB As a developer, worked on a team that built an HR application with the in-house framework, using JSF, HTML, CSS and JavaScript.', 'August 2008 to Present', 'Software Engineer')]
To be added:  (47, 'Petrobras - Rio de Janeiro, RJ', 'As a solution architect, I performed the following tasks: - Resizing and optimization of IBM Maximo application server infrastructure, reducing monthly operations cost from R$ 613,000 to R$ 75,000 - Performance analysis and monitoring using Dynatrace - Troubleshooting of Java performance issues (VisualVM, Memory Analyzer, GCViewer) - Analysis of HTTP requests using Wireshark, Fiddler2, squid, Postman. Also experienced in Chrome Developer Tools, Firefox Web Developer Tools, IE F12 Tools. - System configuration (Apache/WebLogic), deployment and versioning (CVS/Subversion/Git) - Server architecture sizing - Code review and inspection (with Sonar) - Development of tools and processes to improve application monitoring - Adoption of build automation (Ant/Maven), continuous integration (Jenkins) and issue tracking (Jira) As a member of the application architecture team, performed activities such as: - Created an in-house enterprise application framework, focused on simplicity and standards, targeting both front-end (Flex/JSF/HTML/CSS/JavaScript) and back-end layers (vanilla Java EE). - Supported internal development teams, doing troubleshooting and analyzing the most complex errors. - Mentoring of junior software engineers to improve their skills and make them more effective, productive, and influencing software engineering best practices within the various development teams. - Research and training in technologies such as: Ruby on Rails, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, Android development, JSF/Primefaces, Hibernate, JPA, EJB, Mule ESB As a developer, worked on a team that built an HR application with the in-house framework, using JSF, HTML, CSS and JavaScript.', 'August 2008 to Present', 'Software Engineer') 

Exists: [(47, 'MUXI (APPI Tecnologia) - Rio de Janeiro, RJ', "- Development team leader in the Cielo POS applications, one of Brazil's largest acquirers, with over 1,500,000 devices. -\x01 Specified, designed and developed electronic payment applications and other value-added services for Point-Of-Sale (POS) systems. -\x01 Developed strong experience in EMV chip card transactions. -\x01 Helped improving MUXI's development platform, communicating with users, other technical teams, and management to gather requirements and design product features. -\x01 Participated in a collaboration project with Welcome Real Time, a provider of business loyalty solutions, in order to build Cielo's loyalty platform. -\x01 In partnership with Keycorp, a payments technology service provider from Australia, specified an API to integrate Keycorp's and MUXI's POS platforms. -\x01 Part of the team that created MUXI's POS application manager (patented in Brazil), a server used for POS systems lifecycle management and OTA application and firmware updates.", 'March 2004 to July 2008', 'Lead Developer, POS Software')]
To be added:  (47, 'MUXI (APPI Tecnologia) - Rio de Janeiro, RJ', "- Development team leader in the Cielo POS applications, one of Brazil's largest acquirers, with over 1,500,000 devices. -\x01 Specified, designed and developed electronic payment applications and other value-added services for Point-Of-Sale (POS) systems. -\x01 Developed strong experience in EMV chip card transactions. -\x01 Helped improving MUXI's development platform, communicating with users, other technical teams, and management to gather requirements and design product features. -\x01 Participated in a collaboration project with Welcome Real Time, a provider of business loyalty solutions, in order to build Cielo's loyalty platform. -\x01 In partnership with Keycorp, a payments technology service provider from Australia, specified an API to integrate Keycorp's and MUXI's POS platforms. -\x01 Part of the team that created MUXI's POS application manager (patented in Brazil), a server used for POS systems lifecycle management and OTA application and firmware updates.", 'March 2004 to July 2008', 'Lead Developer, POS Software') 

Exists: [(47, 'NETikos - Rio de Janeiro, RJ', '-\x01 Development of Telecom Italia Mobile (TIM Brasil) Intranet and Internet web sites and content management platform. -\x01 Communicated with TIM Brasil technical teams to collect requirements and design features. -\x01 In 2002, during several months, worked at NETikos headquarters located in Pisa, Italy.', 'May 2002 to September 2003', 'Vignette Web Developer / Systems Analyst')]
To be added:  (47, 'NETikos - Rio de Janeiro, RJ', '-\x01 Development of Telecom Italia Mobile (TIM Brasil) Intranet and Internet web sites and content management platform. -\x01 Communicated with TIM Brasil technical teams to collect requirements and design features. -\x01 In 2002, during several months, worked at NETikos headquarters located in Pisa, Italy.', 'May 2002 to September 2003', 'Vignette Web Developer / Systems Analyst') 

Exists: [(7, 'COPPETEC', '- Responsible for gathering requirements from meetings with the clients for a national-scale system called "Sistema Nexo", managing and distributing tasks, while respecting the project\'s deadlines; - Responsible for presentation and homologation of new products; - Development of a standalone module responsible for extracting data from government\'s financial system for business intelligence purposes.', 'March 2013 to Present', 'Systems Analyst/Programmer @ DECEA')]
To be added:  (7, 'COPPETEC', '- Responsible for gathering requirements from meetings with the clients for a national-scale system called "Sistema Nexo", managing and distributing tasks, while respecting the project\'s deadlines; - Responsible for presentation and homologation of new products; - Development of a standalone module responsible for extracting data from government\'s financial system for business intelligence purposes.', 'March 2013 to Present', 'Systems Analyst/Programmer @ DECEA') 

Exists: [(7, 'COPPETEC', '- Development of "SOMAR", a software to manage all financial and legal process of acquisition of services and materials for a governamental department of brazilian navy.', 'December 2009 to March 2013', 'Systems Analyst/Programmer @ SOMAR')]
To be added:  (7, 'COPPETEC', '- Development of "SOMAR", a software to manage all financial and legal process of acquisition of services and materials for a governamental department of brazilian navy.', 'December 2009 to March 2013', 'Systems Analyst/Programmer @ SOMAR') 

Exists: [(7, 'COPPETEC', '- Coordenated a team in charge of the development of a software to allow gathering computer parts, in order to assemble them into new computers for posterior use in public facilities.', 'April 2009 to December 2009', 'Project Manager @ SERPRO')]
To be added:  (7, 'COPPETEC', '- Coordenated a team in charge of the development of a software to allow gathering computer parts, in order to assemble them into new computers for posterior use in public facilities.', 'April 2009 to December 2009', 'Project Manager @ SERPRO') 

Exists: [(46, 'SENAI Sao Paulo - Sao Paulo, SP', "I am responsible for Vocational School classes such as C#, ASP.NET MVC, Software Project and Technical English, which involves planning, creating schedules, tests, assignments and giving lectures. I'm also responsible for the operation of school's IT infrastructure, handling incidents and requests, purchasing equipments and improving/creating processes to boost the overall quality of the services. Lately I've been responsible for the IT trainee supervision, being in charge of training and allocating him to any issue he may be able to solve.", 'June 2013 to Present', 'Teacher')]
To be added:  (46, 'SENAI Sao Paulo - Sao Paulo, SP', "I am responsible for Vocational School classes such as C#, ASP.NET MVC, Software Project and Technical English, which involves planning, creating schedules, tests, assignments and giving lectures. I'm also responsible for the operation of school's IT infrastructure, handling incidents and requests, purchasing equipments and improving/creating processes to boost the overall quality of the services. Lately I've been responsible for the IT trainee supervision, being in charge of training and allocating him to any issue he may be able to solve.", 'June 2013 to Present', 'Teacher') 

Exists: [(46, 'Ci&T', 'I was technically responsible for the projects I was allocated in, working with web techonologies such as Drupal, J2EE, jQuery, HTML 5 and CSS 3. My role started early in the project, during the intake phase, where we had to understand the project and create the scope, risks and the define the team members. Before the development started I had to create the testing and staging environment, which included a SVN repository, continuous integration server and databases. After the development started I had to make sure the team was following all the technical guidelines, had daily meeting with the client in order to communicate about the current status and dealt with any issues that arose from the daily tasks. The last phase was the go live, where the team was no longer allocated in the project and I had to make sure that processes such as load tests and vulnerability scans were approved and the entire move to production process had been rehearsed to avoid any gaps.', 'September 2011 to January 2014', 'Software Architect')]
To be added:  (46, 'Ci&T', 'I was technically responsible for the projects I was allocated in, working with web techonologies such as Drupal, J2EE, jQuery, HTML 5 and CSS 3. My role started early in the project, during the intake phase, where we had to understand the project and create the scope, risks and the define the team members. Before the development started I had to create the testing and staging environment, which included a SVN repository, continuous integration server and databases. After the development started I had to make sure the team was following all the technical guidelines, had daily meeting with the client in order to communicate about the current status and dealt with any issues that arose from the daily tasks. The last phase was the go live, where the team was no longer allocated in the project and I had to make sure that processes such as load tests and vulnerability scans were approved and the entire move to production process had been rehearsed to avoid any gaps.', 'September 2011 to January 2014', 'Software Architect') 

Exists: [(46, 'Wunderman', 'My main task was to develop and mantain websites, both frontend and backend, using PHP, MySQL, jQuery, HTML and CSS. Sometimes I was involved in the infrastructure as well, such as code repository structure and RedHat server management including Apache, Tomcat and MySQL. I also worked in a few SharePoint websites doing improvements in both the frontend and backend.', 'August 2010 to October 2011', 'Full-Stack Developer')]
To be added:  (46, 'Wunderman', 'My main task was to develop and mantain websites, both frontend and backend, using PHP, MySQL, jQuery, HTML and CSS. Sometimes I was involved in the infrastructure as well, such as code repository structure and RedHat server management including Apache, Tomcat and MySQL. I also worked in a few SharePoint websites doing improvements in both the frontend and backend.', 'August 2010 to October 2011', 'Full-Stack Developer') 

Exists: [(46, 'Gommo - Sao Paulo', 'This was a three month project for a highly customized blog using Wordpress. I was hired to create the customized plugins, install and adapt the customized theme and make fine adjustments to make sure everything was in accordance to the requirements.', 'April 2010 to June 2010', 'Developer')]
To be added:  (46, 'Gommo - Sao Paulo', 'This was a three month project for a highly customized blog using Wordpress. I was hired to create the customized plugins, install and adapt the customized theme and make fine adjustments to make sure everything was in accordance to the requirements.', 'April 2010 to June 2010', 'Developer') 

Exists: [(46, 'Hypnotiq', 'I started as a Systems Analyst, being responsible for the specification and, later, for the development of a new version for the live support software sold by the company. Afterwards I was put on charge of the entire IT infrastructure, making decisions about the hosting server, development and staging environments and following up with clients about any problems they had with the service.', 'August 2009 to April 2010', 'IT Manager')]
To be added:  (46, 'Hypnotiq', 'I started as a Systems Analyst, being responsible for the specification and, later, for the development of a new version for the live support software sold by the company. Afterwards I was put on charge of the entire IT infrastructure, making decisions about the hosting server, development and staging environments and following up with clients about any problems they had with the service.', 'August 2009 to April 2010', 'IT Manager') 

Exists: [(46, 'Kuringa MKT', 'It was a very small company, five people including myself, and I was in charge of the technical decisions, going from the development, internal IT processes, all the way to the infrastructure. Handled equipment and services purchases and supported clients to make sure everything was in accordance to their needs.', 'December 2008 to July 2009', 'IT Specialist')]
To be added:  (46, 'Kuringa MKT', 'It was a very small company, five people including myself, and I was in charge of the technical decisions, going from the development, internal IT processes, all the way to the infrastructure. Handled equipment and services purchases and supported clients to make sure everything was in accordance to their needs.', 'December 2008 to July 2009', 'IT Specialist') 

